The cumulative results
for the practical exam are out!
I can't believe he got
first place with no rescue points.
The faux villains acquire
their targets and draw near them.
In the second half,
as others were slowing down,
he used his flashy Quirk to keep bringing
them close and then counterattacking.
It's the result of his toughness.
In contrast, there's the 7th place
student with zero villain points.
There have been other examinees
who took on the large villain in the past,
but it's been a while since
I last saw someone blow it away.
But to suffer such a serious
injury from his own attack...
It's like he's a young child
whose Quirk just manifested.
The night after I opened
my acceptance letter,
that person contacted me.
All Might!
Who's that?!
All Might?
No way! Where?
Repeat after me. "I had the wrong person."
Oh, I had the wrong person!
Aw, what?
I was hoping to see him...
Congrats on getting accepted.
Th-Th-Thank you very much!
Just so you know, I didn't tell
the school about my connection to you.
You're the type that would
think that's cheating, right?
I wasn't one of the judges.
Th-Thank you for your concern!
But I was surprised to find out
that you were a teacher at U.A.
So that's why you came here, huh?
I mean, your agency is in
Roppongi in Minato, Tokyo at--
Stop that!
I couldn't tell anyone
before the school announced it.
I just happened to be offered a job from
U.A. when I was searching for a successor.
I have been looking for a successor.
I see. He was originally planning
on choosing one of the students.
One of the students gifted
with an amazing Quirk.
My body broke with one kick
and one punch of One For All.
I can't control it at all.
That can't be helped.
It's like if you asked a person
who suddenly grew a tail to do a trick,
they wouldn't even be able to control it.
Wait, did you know that would happen?!
Well, there wasn't any time...
But it turned out all right.
It turned out "all might"!
Right now, you're either
at a hundred percent or zero.
But once you can control it,
you'll be able to you'll be able
to adjust to what your body can handle.
Control?!
The more you train a vessel,
the more you'll be able
to move the power freely.
Like this.
Wait, is that All Might?!
No way! When did he get here?!
Let's go, Young Midoriya!
Y-Yes, sir!
The flame I passed on to you is still small,
but in the future, it'll be exposed
to wind and rain and grow even bigger.
And then, I will slowly become weak
and disappear, and I will finish my job.
Yeah, that's deep.
"Episode 5: What I Can Do for Now"
"April"
Izuku, do you have tissue?
Yeah.
And your handkerchief?
What about your handkerchief? Your hanky?
I have it! I'm going to be late.
I have to hurry.
Izuku!
What is it?!
You're really cool.
That was the beginning
of my high school career.
I'm off!
The acceptance rate for
U.A. High's hero course
is less than one in three hundred every year.
Other than the four people
admitted through recommendations,
36 are admitted through the regular exam.
Those 36 are split into only
two classes, with 18 in each.
Class 1-A... 1-A... This place's too big...
There it is!
The door's huge!
Is it for accessibility...?
The elite chosen from
the huge number at the exam...
I hope I'm not in the
same class as the scary peopl--
Don't put your feet on the desk!
Huh?
Don't you think that's rude
to the U.A. upperclassmen
and the people who made the desk?
Nope. What junior high did
you go to, you side character?
The top two?
I attended Somei Private Academy.
My name is Tenya Iida.
Somei? So you're a damn elite, huh?
Looks like I'll have fun crushing you.
"Crushing"?
That's cruel. Do you truly aim to be a hero?
You're...
Oh, um...
Good morning!
I am from Somei Private Academy. My name is--
I heard!
I'm Midoriya. Nice to meet you, Iida.
Midoriya, you realized there was something
more to that practical exam, didn't you?
I had no idea...
I misjudged you!
I hate to admit it, but
you are better than me.
Sorry. I actually didn't realize anything.
Oh, that curly hair!
You're the plain-looking one!
--You passed, just like Present Mic said!
--It's the nice person!
--She looks good in a uniform...
--Of course you did! Your punch was amazing!
--Oh, well, um, it was thanks to you going
to speak with him directly that I, uh...
--Break! Break! Bre--
Huh? How did you know about that?
Oh, uh, that's because...
I can't believe we have two students
from our school matriculating into U.A.!
Especially you, Midoriya. It's a miracle!
What dirty tricks did
you use to get in, huh?!
"The first student from
his school to go to U.A."
My future plan has already
been torn to pieces.
I told you to go somewhere else!
Kacchan.
Someone told me...
"You can become a hero"...
That it was because of my own effort...
Th-That's why...
I'm going...!
How dare he defy me?
Something's definitely up.
I wonder if today's just the
entrance ceremony and orientation?
I wonder what our teacher's like?
--Aren't you nervous?
--S-So close!
Go somewhere else if you
want to play at being friends.
This is the hero course.
S-Something's here?!
Okay, it took eight seconds
before you were quiet.
Time is limited.
You kids are not rational enough.
A teacher?
Which means, that person's a pro hero, too?
But I've never seen a hero
who looked that worn out before.
I'm your homeroom teacher, Shota Aizawa.
Nice to meet you.
Homeroom teacher?!
It's kind of sudden, but put
this on and go out onto the field.
"Teacher Directory"
The U.A. system does not
follow the beaten path.
Depending on the homeroom teacher,
even the first day can be...
A Quirk assessment test?!
What about the entrance ceremony?
The orientation?
If you're going to become a hero,
you don't have time for such leisurely events.
U.A.'s selling point is how
unrestricted its school traditions are.
That's also how the teachers
run their classes.
You kids have been doing
these since junior high, too, right?
Physical fitness tests where you
weren't allowed to use your Quirks.
The country still uses averages taken from
results from students not using their Quirks.
It's not rational.
Well, the Ministry of
Education is procrastinating.
Bakugo, you finished at the
top of the practical exam, right?
In junior high, what was your
best result for the softball throw?
67 meters.
Then, try doing it with your Quirk.
You can do whatever you want
as long as you stay in the circle.
Hurry up. Give it all you've got.
Then, well...
I'll add a blast to the pitch.
Die...!
Die?
Know your own maximum first.
That is the most rational way
to form the foundation of a hero.
750 meters? Seriously?
What's this? It looks fun!
We can use our Quirks as much as we want!
As expected from the hero course!
"It looks fun," huh?
You have three years to become a hero.
Will you have an attitude
like that the whole time?
All right. Whoever comes
in last place in all eight tests
will be judged to have no potential
and will be punished with expulsion.
Huh?!
Aizawa, huh?
"Name: Shota Aizawa -
Erasure Hero: Eraser Head"
He'll be facing a lot of
suffering from the start.
Punished with expulsion?!
Oh no... This is bad... In all eight tests?
I can only use One For All at
either a hundred or zero percent.
I can't control it yet...
We're free to do what we want
about the circumstances of our students.
Welcome to U.A.'s hero course!
A huge test on the first day of school?
What am I going to do?!
Last place will be expelled?
But it's the first day of school!
No, even if it wasn't the
first day of school, this is too unfair!
Natural disasters, big accidents,
and selfish villains.
Calamities whose time
or place can't be predicted.
Japan is covered with unfairness.
Heroes are the ones
who reverse those situations.
If you wanted to go talk with your friends
at Mickey D's after school, too bad.
For the next three years, U.A. will do all it
can to give you one hardship after another.
Go beyond. Plus Ultra.
Overcome it with all you've got.
This is too serious to be hazing.
However, this is the best of the best.
There is no choice but to do it.
This isn't all I've got.
All right, demonstration's over.
The real thing starts now.
"Test 1: 50-meter dash"
On your mark...
Get set...
3.04 seconds.
For 50 meters, I can only
go up to third gear...
"Tenya Iida"
Tenya Iida. Quirk: Engine.
As you can see, his legs are fast.
Well, he's like a fish in water.
It'll be worth seeing what others do.
"Tsuyu Asui: 5.58 seconds"
Ribbit.
Lighten up my clothes and shoes...
"Ochaco Uraraka"
Ochaco Uraraka. Quirk: Zero Gravity!
Get set...
She can nullify the gravitational
pull of any object she touches.
However, if she goes over capacity,
she'll get really nauseous.
5.49 seconds.
7.15 seconds.
Oh, but that's faster than
I was in junior high!
Everyone, you're not being creative enough.
--On your mark...
--I'll show you what it's like...
--Get set...
...to be allowed to use your Quirk!
"Yuga Aoyama"
Yuga Aogama. Quirk: Navel Laser!
He can shoot a laser from his bellybutton.
He's limited by the amount
of time he can shoot continuously.
5.51 seconds.
If I shoot for more than a second,
I get a stomachache.
What the heck?
Looking at the upper limit of your Quirks
and the room for growth in each result,
it becomes clear what you can and can't do.
On your mark...
Get set...
That will connect to the
creativity needed for you to survive.
Explosive speed!
4.13 seconds.
"Katsuki Bakugo"
Katsuki Bakugo. Quirk: Explosion!
7.02 seconds.
When I use both hands, the force disperses...
Deku is...
There are seven more tests.
I'm sure everyone will use their Quirks
to produce some extraordinary results.
On the other hand, I have this power
that will break my body if I use it once.
Control... Control...
Even if I have the image in my head,
when I have to actually use it...
The trick to controlling it is...
...feeling!
Wow, that's All Might for you!
You've already pulled out the 100%.
It destroyed me, though.
But now that you have, it'll be easy.
You should've already grasped the feeling.
What was it like?
It was like a "bzzt" or a "whoosh"... Um...
I know! Like an egg put into a microwave!
That's boring, but unique!
If that's the image you have,
then lower the wattage,
or shorten the cook time.
Anything's fine, just focus on
the image of the egg not exploding.
The image...?
You have three weeks until school starts.
Keep focusing on that image.
It won't happen overnight,
but I'm sure you will be
able to do it someday.
"Test 2: Grip strength"
The image of the egg not exploding...
Wow!
540 kilograms? What are you, a gorilla?
Oh, an octopus?
Octopuses are sexy.
"Test 3: Standing long jump"
Control...
"Test 4: Repeated side steps"
"Test 5: Ball throw"
Infinity?!
That's amazing! She got "infinity"!
This is bad. It's not something
simple that I can just do right away.
Everyone's leaving at
least one amazing result...
All that's left is this,
the long-distance run, sit-ups,
and the seated toe-touch.
It's now or never.
At this rate, I'll be last.
It doesn't look good for
Midoriya if he continues like this.
Huh? Of course not.
He's a Quirkless small fry, you know.
Quirkless?! Are you not aware
of what he did in the entrance exam?
Huh?
It's about time, huh?
Izuku! You're really cool.
You can become a hero.
I'll definitely become one!
46 meters.
I was definitely trying to use it just now...
I erased your Quirk.
That entrance exam was
definitely not rational enough.
Even a kid like you was accepted.
You erased my Quirk?
Those goggles... I see!
You can erase other people's Quirks
with your Quirk just by looking at them.
The Erasure Hero: Eraser Head!
Eraser? I don't know him.
I've heard of him. He's an underground hero.
He doesn't like media attention
because he says it hinders his work.
That's right, Young Midoriya.
He and I don't get along.
From what I can tell,
you can't control your Quirk, can you?
Do you intend to become incapacitated
again and have someone save you?
Th-That's not my intention--
Whatever your intention,
I'm saying that's what those
around you will be forced to do.
In the past, there was an
oppressively passionate hero
who saved over a thousand people
by himself and created a legend.
Even if you have the same reckless valor,
you'll just be decked and turn into
a useless doll after saving one person.
Izuku Midoriya. With your power,
you can't become a hero.
I've returned your Quirk.
You have two turns for the ball throw.
Hurry up and get it over with.
--It looks like he received some advice.
--Are you worried about him?
--Probably just telling him he's expelled.
I'm...
...not at all.
Who are you?
What should I do? Which should I choose?
Will he incorrigibly prepare for
an honorable defeat here
by using all his strength,
or become intimidated
and settle into last place?
No matter which he chooses,
he has no potential.
I still can't control my power.
Should I let everything
I can do hang on this one throw?
Even All Might said that
it wouldn't happen overnight.
This is no good! If that's my only choice,
then I just have to go all out!
Zero potential.
It's just as Mr. Aizawa says.
At this rate, there's no
way I'll become a hero.
Hey, hey, is he serious?
I have to work a lot
harder than other people!
That's why, with all my strength...
I'll do what I can right now!
Smash...!
It doesn't hurt as much as before...
Do you intend to become incapacitated
again and have someone save you?
Mr. Aizawa...
I can still move!
This kid...
I came because I was worried,
but what the heck, young man?!
You still couldn't control your power,
but you also couldn't become incapacitated.
So, you propelled the ball
at the last point of contact
by sending the power of
One For All to just your fingertip,
minimizing the injury
while maximizing the power...!
What the heck, young man?!
You're so cool!
"Next time"
Hero Basic Training, a class only
available in the hero course at U.A.!
Deku, let's do our
best together in battle training.
Uraraka...?! I talked to a girl again!
Looks like we're up against
Team Iida and Bakugo.
I'm going to fight against Kacchan!
Next time, "Rage, You Damn Nerd"!
Deku's going to put bunny ears
on his head! It's so cute!
Go beyond!
"Next time: Rage, You Damn Nerd"
Plus Ultra!